[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a fantasy drama film
skellig
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
michael's family moves to a decrepit old
house to make room for the coming baby
that his parents are expecting
he soon feels pushed out and upset by
his parents who are preoccupied with a
house decoration in the new baby
meanwhile michael gets mocked and
treated coward by his classmates in
school
because he suffers from acrophobia and
is too afraid to jump in the pool from a
swimming platform
his friend stands up for him and drives
the bully boys away
someday at home michael happens to
notice a lovely rat passing by the yard
driven by his curiosity he then follows
the rat and ventures to a gloomy and
uninhabitable shed near their new house
where he hears unexpected noise from
someone that literally scares the p
out of him in shock he runs back to the
house
and tells his mom what happened in the
shed but finds his mom is suffering
and going into premature labor in panic
he called the ambulance for her
the mother is rushed to the hospital and
the baby is premature
shortly after michael likes the new
family member instantly
the baby must stay in hospital for some
time due to premature delivery
back home michael's dad checks the shed
after michael says he hears someone in
it
but nothing is found there as a present
for the newborn baby when it comes home
michael and his dad renovate a room for
the baby together
the dad is very happy to see michael is
up to this task
on his second attempt to explore the
shed michael meets a neighbor
mina the girl is friendly but a little
weird making michael want to keep a
little distance from her
in the shed he meets a shitty man who
seems very sick
michael is startled and runs to his dad
back in the house
who is comforting michael's crying mom
on the phone
with no one to share with michael then
tells his best friend about the man in
the shed
but his friend is more interested in a
swimming contest
rather than his story and gives michael
an invitation to watch his contest
inside the classroom michael finds his
desk is full of disgusting bugs
which disturb the whole class and thus
get his ass kicked out of the class
under depression he encounters mina on
the way home
but he doesn't want to talk much to her
later michael goes to see the weird man
in the shed
who rejects his help but tells him two
numbers 27
and 53 in confusion michael visits his
mom and the baby in the hospital
and meets an old lady grace in the
hallway who starts a nice conversation
with him about her children
that haven't visited her for quite some
time when they finish
chatting grace shares one of her grapes
with michael
michael feels deep worried about his
sick baby sister after seeing her lying
lifeless in an incubator due to
premature delivery
at night michael orders course 27 and 53
on the takeout menu
and take the leftovers to the weird man
who enjoys the food very much
michael feels some big lumps on the
weird man's back when he pats him
and he sees a feather on a small table
michael tells the story about the weird
man to grace
who informs michael that he should keep
helping that poor man
and shares another grape with michael
the baby finally gets well
and comes home with mom the new room
prepared by dad
and michael fills mom's heart with joy
and love
even though michael's nights are filled
with cries of the babies but he is still
happy to be around the new family member
meanwhile the weird man is getting
better with michael's medicines
and is willing to talk to michael
carefully without revealing who he
is while playing with his best friends
in the woods
michael feels something bad happens at
home he then rushes home
but only to find his sister gets sick
suddenly and taken to the hospital again
with no way to release his worry and
anger michael beats the bushes
somehow the shed is shaking too as if
the weird man makes it
because he can feel michael's depression
later michael talks about his worries
with mina
and she leads him to her secret place an
old tower by a lake
michael feels released after a pleasant
chat with meena
however the newborn sisters condition
gets worse due to a fatal heart problem
there's nothing he can do to help his
little sister so michael finds the weird
man again
hoping to get comforts from him but the
shitty man says people are so small to
the universe
and death is just part of human life
michael feels offended by his coldness
and storms off in anger that night some
mushrooms grow magically on the wall in
michael's room
the next day michael brings some beer
and introduces mina to the weird man
mina is very curious about the man and
thinks his body is growing stiff day
after day
later they run out of the shed and
exchange more thoughts about who the
weird man is
back home dad is cleaning up the
mushrooms on the wall
and going to clean the shed as well to
distract himself from worrying about the
baby
to avoid that michael breaks the worn
out roof by jumping hardly on the bed
upstairs
which successfully stops his dad from
discovering the weird man
the next day michael bumps into grace in
the hospital again
grace notices that the poor boy is full
of worries so she gives all her grapes
to him
and encourages him to stand up to
difficulties bravely
the doctor informs that there are no
effective treatments for the baby's
heart problem
which darkens the couple's lives feeling
helpless as well as hopeless
the drunk dad decides to burns down the
gloomy shed immediately
failing to stop his bad from setting
fire on it michael then carries the
weird man out of the burning shed right
away
soon after michael takes his exhausted
drunk dad back home
and asked mina to help him hide the
weird man in the tower by the lake
when michael returns home he's a bit
shocked to see his dad is already awake
and pasting new wallpapers in the house
to make it more pleasant to live
on the other hand michael and meena
prepare more supplies and food
and take good care of the weird man
after all the good cares the weird man
finally lowers his guard
and tell the kids his name is skelly and
he is as old as the earth
then he shows the two lumps that he has
been hiding for long
they are actually broken wings with
hardly any feather left
to figure out what skellig is the two
kids meet up frequently
and exchange their proofs more
classmates make fun of michael for his
sneaky meeting with mita
frustrated michael walks off and meets
mina that night at the tower to see
skelly
for their surprise skellig can even
stand up now under the help of the
animals that bring food
to him he holds meena and michael's
burnt hand
caused by the fire days before then the
three slowly float up in the air
and turn in circles as a little return
nina and michael help cleanse his dirty
feathers but spare his [ __ ] smelly hairs
and clothes
michael and mina leave with such a
wonderful experience and realize
surprisingly that michael's burnt hand
is magically healed
during a class the next day michael is
informed to go to the hospital
in the middle of telling his story about
wings knowing his sister is about to
have an important operation
michael falls into fear and want to seek
help from skellig
but skellig just tells the poor boy
there is nothing he can help
for he has already given up on himself
michael goes to see mina after the upset
visit to the tower
mina's mom invites him to sleep over to
recover from his low spirits
too occupied by his sick sister michael
forgets to attend his best friend's
swimming contest
lack of support from michael the friend
does a horrible job in the contest
back in the hospital when the baby is
still under operation
michael goes to visit grace but finds
out that grace has died in her sleep the
night before
under grace's inspiration michael wants
to give faith to skelly
on his way running to the tower michael
encounters his best friend
who follows michael and wants to
investigate the tower but soon gets
stopped by michael
michael couldn't explain to his best
friend so the friend storms off in anger
later he finds skellig on the top of the
tower then says he believes that skellig
is a good person
who is willing to help his sister he
knows that he has to find a way to
rekindle skellig's belief in hope
so he walks to the edge of the tower and
jumps off despite his acrophobia
with michael's deep trust in the fatal
situation he puts himself into
skellig opens his wings suddenly and
shoots to the sky again
he grabs michael and makes him asleep
after flying in the air for a bit
soon after skellig puts michael in a
safe place
and goes to see michael's sister in the
hospital
after using his magic power to put the
mom to sleep skellig holds the baby in
his hands
and floats in circles again in the ward
slowly
the baby looks full of lives again
michael is awakened by mina the next day
and rushes to see his sister he knows
it's skellig that helps his sister back
in a healthy condition
seeing smiles on his parents faces
michael suggests naming his sister grace
to memorize the person who inspires him
mom and the baby sister finally come
back to a newly decorated house
where the family reunite happily again
michael finds his best friend to explain
the misunderstandings between them
and gets excused from the friend michael
and mina visit skellig
and treat him to his favorite wine and
food skellig the once shitty and fallen
angel
decides to leave here and fly to other
places where he can help more people
with a rekindled belief in hope and life
that michael blesses him this is daniel
cc movie channel
peace out